# Project-3--Pair-19
Gerson Hernandez

I will be parsing the log file and reading them to deferentiate the servers, activities, date and time, and email IDs.They will go into their own sub categories and save into a whole new text file that only shows servers or activities or date and time. I have to give it more thought after rewatching the lectures and looking online what is the best way to approach this project.

Edit: I've revised my approach to the project and will be reading the log file and run if statements. According to whether there is a suspicious activity or irresponsible behavior, or system glitch and at the end it'll total the domain count. Each will have their own count when such activity occurs and will create their own file at the end displaying how many times each activity happened. I don't have set variables at this time but will soon start working on the code itself.

Last Edit: 

I have coded the project and made functions for each of the reports that have to be generated when the code is ran. I had trouble formatting some of the generated files but it should give what each analysis was asking for. I changed my flowcharts completely to match my updated coding. I had a lot of trouble compiling this code and I'm glad I was given extra time to complete it. Unfortunately, nobody wanted to be partners so I completed it alone and looked at various videos and websites to compilte the code. Each function serves a purpose and since I'm not the best at commenting or creating flowcharts they may be lacking information. I sorted the data in order to make the writing of the files in order and used splits to make it easier to depict where im getting values from the log file. I condensed the file into a shorter log file and worked with that, as suggested. I call two functions using "glitch" and "Irresponsible Behavior" since those are both cruical in the code. I used byDate and byTime to use as references for sorting them in order. I commented out a sample report to know what tabs go where in the domain report but sadly I couldn't figure out how to properly format the other generated files as I have more work to do. 

I've run into many many errors during this and some include simple syntax errors, things not being defined, not having indents, simple formatting errors. There are also "errors" when it came to testing outputs whether they started on newlines, or spaced out correctly, or getting the right output itself. 
